# Welcome to NexGen-Nexus Documentation

## What We Do & Who We Are?

At NexGen-Nexus, we pride ourselves on being a versatile Game Hosting Service that caters to a wide range of needs. Our offerings include:

**Game Hosting Service:**
We specialize in providing top-notch hosting services for various gaming platforms. Whether you're into Minecraft, Discord, or need reliable Voice Hosting, we've got you covered.

**Minecraft Servers:**
Immerse yourself in the blocky world of Minecraft with our dedicated server hosting. Enjoy seamless multiplayer experiences with friends and fellow gamers.

**Discord Bots:**
Enhance your Discord server with powerful bots designed to streamline and enrich your community interactions. From moderation to entertainment, we have a bot for every purpose.

**Voice Hosting:**
Experience crystal-clear voice communication in your gaming sessions. Our Voice Hosting services ensure low-latency and high-quality audio, enhancing the overall gaming experience.

**And Many Other Services:**
Explore our diverse range of services tailored to meet the evolving needs of the gaming community. We are continually expanding our offerings to provide you with cutting-edge solutions.

**Free Tools:**
In addition to our premium services, we are committed to giving back to the community. Enjoy free tools, including a Password Generator to bolster your online security, and access Free Public Bots for a variety of purposes.

Feel the NexGen-Nexus difference as we strive to create a comprehensive and supportive gaming environment for our users.

<div class="tip custom-block" style="padding-top: 8px">

Just want to try it out? Skip to the [Quickstart](../public-bot/vortex.md).

</div>

## What is NexGen-Nexus | Docs?

[NexGen-Nexus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_site_generator) is a Static Site Generator (SSG) designed for building fast, content-centric websites. In essence, NexGen-Nexus takes your source content written in [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown), applies a theme to it, and generates static HTML pages that can be easily deployed anywhere.

## Developer Experience

NexGen-Nexus aims to provide a great Developer Experience (DX) when working with Markdown content.

- **[Vite-Powered:](https://vitejs.dev/)** Instant server start, with edits always instantly reflected (<100ms) without page reload.
- **[Built-in Markdown Extensions:](./markdown)** Frontmatter, tables, syntax highlighting... you name it. NexGen-Nexus provides advanced features for working with code blocks, making it ideal for highly technical documentation.
- **[Vue-Enhanced Markdown:](./using-vue)** Each Markdown page is also a Vue [Single-File Component](https://vuejs.org/guide/scaling-up/sfc.html), thanks to Vue template's 100% syntax compatibility with HTML. Embed interactivity in your static content using Vue templating features or imported Vue components.

## Performance

Unlike many traditional SSGs, a website generated by NexGen-Nexus is a [Single Page Application](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-page_application) (SPA).

- **Fast Initial Load**
  - The initial visit to any page will be served the static, pre-rendered HTML for blazing fast loading speed and optimal SEO.
  - The page then loads a JavaScript bundle that turns the page into a Vue SPA ("hydration"). The hydration process is extremely fast, achieving near-perfect performance scores even on low-end mobile devices with a slow network.
- **Fast Post-load Navigation**
  - Subsequent navigation within the site will no longer cause a full page reload. Instead, the incoming page's content will be fetched and dynamically updated.
  - NexGen-Nexus automatically pre-fetches page chunks for links that are within the viewport. In most cases, post-load navigation will feel instant.
- **Interactivity Without Penalty**
  - Each Markdown page is processed as a Vue component and compiled into JavaScript to hydrate the dynamic Vue parts embedded inside static Markdown.
  - The Vue compiler separates the static and dynamic parts, minimizing both the hydration cost and payload size. For the initial page load, the static parts are automatically eliminated from the JavaScript payload and skipped during hydration.
